Some computations for different notions of equivalence (#711)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/equivalences.lagda.md

### The groupoid laws for equivalences

> #### Equivalence composition is associative

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Composition of equivalences is associative
```

```agda
associative-comp-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 l4 : Level} {A : UU l1} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3} {D : UU l4} →
  (e : A ≃ B) (f : B ≃ C) (g : C ≃ D) →
  ((g ∘e f) ∘e e) ＝ (g ∘e (f ∘e e))
associative-comp-equiv e f g = eq-equiv-eq-map-equiv refl
```

> #### Unit laws for equivalence composition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unit laws for composition of equivalences
```

  right-unit-law-equiv : (e : X ≃ Y) → (e ∘e id-equiv) ＝ e
  right-unit-law-equiv e = eq-equiv-eq-map-equiv refl
```

> #### Inverse laws for equivalence composition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Inverse laws for composition of equivalences
```

  is-equiv-inv-equiv : is-equiv (inv-equiv {A = X} {B = Y})
  is-equiv-inv-equiv =
    is-equiv-is-invertible
      ( inv-equiv)
      ( inv-inv-equiv')
      ( inv-inv-equiv)

  equiv-inv-equiv : (X ≃ Y) ≃ (Y ≃ X)
  pr1 equiv-inv-equiv = inv-equiv
  pr2 equiv-inv-equiv = is-equiv-inv-equiv
```

> #### Higher coherence between the unit laws for equivalence composition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### A coherence law for the unit laws for composition of equivalences
```

            ( ap
              ( λ g → map-equiv (f ∘e (g ∘e (inv-equiv f))) x)
              ( inv (right-inverse-law-equiv e)))))
```

#### Iterated inverse laws for equivalence composition

```agda
left-left-inverse-law-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {A : UU l1} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3}
  (f : B ≃ C) (e : A ≃ B) → (inv-equiv f ∘e (f ∘e e)) ＝ e

> left-left-inverse-law-equiv f e =

Reviewer: I don't really understand the rationale behind this name change. The previous name was clearer in my opinion, and I don't think `left-left-inverse-law-equiv` is part of any existing naming scheme.

How about `is-retraction-postcomp-inv-equiv`? This fits in a naming scheme with `is-section-postcomp-inv-equiv`, `is-retraction-precomp-inv-equiv` and `is-section-precomp-inv-equiv`.

Author: Sure, that sounds like a more reasonable naming scheme. Sorry, this was the first scheme I could think of. I introduced similar lemmas for identification concatenation as well, but I guess preconcat and postconcat make sense too

Reviewer: Good suggestion! I like this even more than my original suggestion.

  eq-htpy-equiv (λ x → is-retraction-map-inv-equiv f (map-equiv e x))

left-right-inverse-law-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {A : UU l1} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3}
  (f : B ≃ C) (e : A ≃ C) →
  (f ∘e (inv-equiv f ∘e e)) ＝ e
left-right-inverse-law-equiv f e =
  eq-htpy-equiv (λ x → is-section-map-inv-equiv f (map-equiv e x))

right-right-inverse-law-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {A : UU l1} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3}
  (f : B ≃ C) (e : A ≃ B) →
  ((f ∘e e) ∘e inv-equiv e) ＝ f
right-right-inverse-law-equiv f e =
  eq-htpy-equiv (λ x → ap (map-equiv f) (is-section-map-inv-equiv e x))

right-left-inverse-law-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {A : UU l1} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3}
  (f : B ≃ C) (e : B ≃ A) →
  ((f ∘e inv-equiv e) ∘e e) ＝ f
right-left-inverse-law-equiv f e =
  eq-htpy-equiv (λ x → ap (map-equiv f) (is-retraction-map-inv-equiv e x))
```

> ### Left and right composition by an equivalence defines equivalences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The Postcomposition and precomposition operations by an equivalance are equivalences
```

```agda

> is-equiv-left-comp-equiv :

Reviewer: I don't think we should speak of "left composition" and "right composition". The usual terminology is "postcomposition" and "precomposition"

  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3}
  (f : B ≃ C) (A : UU l1) → is-equiv (λ (e : A ≃ B) → f ∘e e)
is-equiv-left-comp-equiv f A =
  is-equiv-is-invertible
    ( inv-equiv f ∘e_)
    ( left-right-inverse-law-equiv f)
    ( left-left-inverse-law-equiv f)

is-equiv-right-comp-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {A : UU l2} {B : UU l3}
  (C : UU l1) (e : A ≃ B) → is-equiv (λ (f : B ≃ C) → f ∘e e)
is-equiv-right-comp-equiv A e =
  is-equiv-is-invertible
    ( _∘e inv-equiv e)
    ( λ f → right-left-inverse-law-equiv f e)
    ( λ f → right-right-inverse-law-equiv f e)

equiv-postcomp-equiv :
  {l1 l2 l3 : Level} {B : UU l2} {C : UU l3} →
  (f : B ≃ C) → (A : UU l1) → (A ≃ B) ≃ (A ≃ C)
pr1 (equiv-postcomp-equiv f A) e = f ∘e e

> pr2 (equiv-postcomp-equiv f A) = is-equiv-left-comp-equiv f A

Reviewer: Here it shows that the name is clearly off
